[Music]
o-5 logical puzzles that will take time
to crack these brain teasers would be
easy and straightforward if it weren't
for all the conditions you have to take
into account so that they don't
contradict each other are you ready to
put your logical skills to the test
number one true colors one day mr. blue
mr. red and mr. white who all want to be
the French flag meet for dinner
when they take off their jackets mr.
blue draws everybody's attention to the
fact that each of them is wearing a
shirt different from their last name the
man in a white shirt looks surprised and
says yeah mr. blue you're right can you
figure out what color shirt each man is
wearing you have 20 seconds to solve
this colorful mystery
[Music]
let's break it down logically mr. blue
can be wearing only a white or a red
shirt but we know for sure that a
different man is in white this means
that mr. blue must be in a red shirt mr.
white could be sporting a blue or red
shirt but the red one is already taken
by mr. blue so we can reasonably
conclude that mr. white is wearing blue
in the end that leaves mr. red who is
obviously wearing a white shirt and all
of them looking rather silly number two
magical land in the magical land of
Narnia all the animals are intelligent
and rational you are in charge of
watching 10 lions and a sheep if you get
distracted one of the Lions can eat the
Sheep
but remember Narnia is magical so if a
lion gobbles up the Sheep it turns into
a sheep itself then the rest of the
Lions can eat it if you leave these
animals alone for some time how many
Lions and sheep will you find when you
come back magical land magical animals
hmm can you solve this magical riddle
you have 20 seconds to do it
[Music]
when you return there will be in fact
nine lions and one sheep the main thing
here is that all the animals are
rational once a lion eats the Sheep and
turns into a sheep itself the rest of
the Lions will understand the
consequences of such an action they
don't want to become a sheep they'd
rather remain the king of the jungle
well number three a strict king and a
clever merchant there once lived a
really strict king who ruled a town that
was surrounded by a high wall no citizen
was allowed to leave and anyone who
wanted to enter the town had to have all
the necessary paperwork sound familiar
otherwise the guard would send them away
the town was connected with the rest of
the world only by a single wooden bridge
under the watch of the Kings expert
sharpshooter who went out of his hut
every five minutes to check the bridge
he would then stay inside for five
minutes
to cross the bridge a person needed nine
minutes yet despite such a reliable
scheme one merchant managed to escape
from the town how did he do it without
being killed by the Sharpshooter man
this is a tough town that must have been
an extremely smart merchants are you
sharp enough to figure out a strategy
you have 20 seconds
[Music]
time's up
so here's the answer the merchant walked
along the bridge away from the town for
about five minutes while the shooter was
inside after that he turned around and
started walking back towards the gates
of the town when he reached them the
guard demanded to see his documents
which he of course didn't have so he was
sent away number four who is the
murderer there are five people and one
of them shot another one dead the
detective investigating the case only
have the following information Damien
ran a marathon the day before the murder
together with one of the innocent people
from the group Michael had been
considering becoming a farmer before
moving to the city Jeffrey is a highly
skilled computer specialist and plans to
set up a new computer for Benedict next
week last month the murderer underwent a
leg amputation jack has been in
isolation since the crime was committed
Benedict got acquainted with Jack six
months ago
Damien used to be a heavy drinker
Jeffrey and Benedict built their last
computers together the murderer is
Jack's brother they grew up together in
Chicago well those are some really
random facts
hopefully you have seriously good
detective skills can you solve this case
in 20 seconds
[Music]
all right let's sort through this mess
first of all Jack can't be the murderer
since he's the murderers brother it's
not Damian either because he ran a
marathon and the murderer doesn't have
one leg remember that would make it kind
of hard to compete with the other
runners benedict can't be the murderer
since he met jack six months ago and
Jack and the murderer grew up together
so who does that leave us with Jeffrey
and Michael and while Jeffrey is still
alive and even wants to help benedict
with his computer this means he killed
Michael number five which box is the toy
car in one in this one - not in this one
three not in the first box remember only
one assertion is true take your time and
concentrate you have 20 seconds to find
the toy car
[Music]
now let's work it out together if the
car is in box number one that would mean
that both assertions one and two are
correct that contradicts the task
condition that only one assertion is
true if the car is in box three then
claims two and three would be true if
the car is in box number two then only
assertion three can be true that fits
the test condition so it's the right
answer so how many riddles did you
figure out on your own tell us in the
comments below
challenge your friends by sharing this
video with them and give us a like if
you had a good time solving these
puzzles so not to miss any other
mysteries riddles and just really cool
videos on our channel hit that subscribe
button
stay with us on the bright side of life